
# chem.physical_and_invitro_data.csv

Original compounds included in httk version 2.0.4., exported as csv (for details see description in httk). 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# physicochemical_and_kinetic_parameters.csv

Add here all identifiers and physicochemical and kinetic parameters needed for the script to work.

## Columns:
- Compound = Name of the chemical
- CAS = CAS number of the chemical
- MW = molecular weight in g/mol of the chemical
- Intake_rate = intake_rate / exposure in mg/kg/day 
- Fub = fraction unbound (plasma)
- Clint = intrinsic clearance in µL/min/10^6 cells
- pKa_Acceptor/_Donor = pKa values of the chemical
- logKow = logKow of the chemical
- Neutral_From = fraction of uncharged species at pH 7.4
- ..._Reference = the source for the respective value

## Notes:
- If no pKa values are available, add character values like "None" or "#NV" (no value). You can use whatever nomenclature you prefer. 
- Sources for values could be public databases like PubChem, EPA CompTox chemical dashboard etc. or prediction tools like OPERA, ACD Labs
- This file will be used for httk configuration, adding and using your data for calculations.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# raw_assay_data.csv

Add here all available assay data, if possible with individual data for concentration and response which allow you to fit the data by your own. 

## Columns:
- Compound = name of chemical
- CAS = CAS of chemical
- log_Benchmark_concentration = decadic logarithm of concentration resulting in "Activity_level" % of activity
- Activity_level = benchmark value of % activity
- Concentrations = individual concentrations, separated by ",". If not available, use "none"
- Responses = individual responses, separated by ",". If not available, use "none"
- Endpoint = which endpoint/assay was used 
- Reference = source of the data
- Is_viability = logical value indicating if assay was endpoint-specific (FALSE) or apical like cytotoxicity/cell viability (TRUE)

## Notes:
- This file will be used by 2_CRC_fit to fit the data and merge assays per compound. 
- Sources for raw endpoint data could be the in-vitroDB from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which is also included with raw data for download on the CurveSurfer on the Integrated Chemical Environment from the U.S. National Toxicology Program
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# fitted_assay_data.csv

This file will be generated by 2_CRC_fit by using "raw_assay_data.csv". Here, the data per chemical and viability will be fitted, and if multiple assays are sufficient in fit characteristics, merged. 

## Columns:
- Compound = name of chemical
- CAS = CAS of chemical
- log_AC10 = (consensus) decadic logarithm of the concentration resulting in 10 % of maximum activity of the merged curve
- log_AC50 = (consensus) decadic logarithm of the concentration resulting in 50 % of maximum activity of the merged curve
- Top_curve = % value used as maximum of the (merged) curve
- Endpoints = endpoint or merged endpoints considered for 

# Notes:
- This file will be used by 3_Mixture_simulation for calculation of compound and mixture effects.
